# Audio Recorder
This program will write output audio from Windows computers to a WAV file.

NOTE: This program is compatible only with Windows 10 operating systems! Other versions of Windows may support this program, however, I have yet to test them.

If you wish to execute this program, download the release file and execute the AudioRecorder.exe file. A console window will pop up with a list of connected audio devices, prefixed with "Endpoint" followed by a number. Enter the number that correspondes to your preferred audio output device. Press SPACE to begin recording. The program will begin writing any output audio from your selected device to a WAV file. Press TAB to end recording. The program will save the WAV file as NewWavFile.wav to the same directory that AudioRecorder.exe is located. If you wish to use the program again, first close AudioRecorder.exe. Then, rename NewWavFile.wav. If you do not do this, AudioRecorder.exe will rewrite your old recording! Then launch AudioRecorder.exe again.

This project was originally part of a much larger spectral analyzer project. Unfortunately, building a spectral analyzer requires much more than I had originally thought. In order to display graphics, I would need to learn OpenGL; in order to display frequencies, I would need to learn how to implement the Fast Fourier Transform, or at least a library that could implement the Fast Fourier Transform for me. I did learn the basics of both of these, however, I found I needed a much more in depth understanding of OpenGL and the Fast Fourier Transform in order to implement them properly, something I do not have the time for currently as I am invested in learning web development. However, building this project taught me a lot about how audio is represented digitally, how WAV files are structured and how binary files are represented, and how the Microsoft Core Audio APIs are structured. Perhaps in the future, I will revisit this project, mayber after learning an audio framework like JUCE.

If you encounter any bugs, or have any feedback, please let me know! I am always looking to learn more and how to write better and more efficient code. You can post your comments
in the Issues tab.
